README.md, before:

# StyleInliner [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/r7kamura/style_inliner.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/r7kamura/style_inliner)
Inline CSS style rules into style attributes of each HTML element.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "style_inliner"
```

And then execute:

```sh
bundle
```

Or install it yourself as:

```sh
gem install style_inliner
```

## Usage

```rb
html = <<-EOS
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    <style>
      body {
        background: red;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
  </body>
</html>
EOS
puts StyleInliner::Document.new(html).inline
```

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">

  </head>
  <body style="background-color: red">
  </body>
</html>
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/r7kamura/style_inliner.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add ruby version compatibility section

README.md, after:

# StyleInliner [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/r7kamura/style_inliner.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/r7kamura/style_inliner)
Inline CSS style rules into style attributes of each HTML element.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "style_inliner"
```

And then execute:

```sh
bundle
```

Or install it yourself as:

```sh
gem install style_inliner
```

## Usage

```rb
html = <<-EOS
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    <style>
      body {
        background: red;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
  </body>
</html>
EOS
puts StyleInliner::Document.new(html).inline
```

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">

  </head>
  <body style="background-color: red">
  </body>
</html>
```

## Ruby version compatibility
StyleInliner is tested on Ruby 2.2.0.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/r7kamura/style_inliner.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
